Feat/outbound linking to web3 storage (#976)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/get-started/README.md

## Store content on Filecoin

:::tip

> If you're looking for a easy way to store and access your files on Filecoin, [take a look at Web3.Storage →](https://web3.storage)

Reviewer: ^ same

Author: ```suggestion
Looking for an easy way to store and access your files on Filecoin? Use one of the community built tools and services to get started. [Take a look now →](../../store/readme.md)
```
